c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\Places.dll
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\Places.pdb
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\Places_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\obj\Debug\Places.g.resources
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\obj\Debug\Places.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\obj\Debug\Places.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\obj\Debug\Places.dll
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\obj\Debug\Places.pdb
c:\users\tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\GooglePlacesApi.dll
C:\Users\Tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\GooglePlacesApi.pdb
C:\Users\Tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Tokarew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Places\Places\obj\Debug\Places.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
